what in Korea a bit later on but did you
always want to be an athlete then was
that the plan from a young age when I
was young I want to be a footballer and
I went down my life I think is club when
I was 13 or 14 to get fit for football I
had a great time down there and just
kind of stayed so and that was from what
the Year dot really is love ya remember
I've always wanted to be good at
something and yeah he was always gonna
be sports oh yeah
are your children showing any potential
then the 19 year old is and mid 10 year
old one of them they're perfect they're
both like rugby yeah and what do they
think when did you get your Olympic
medals out and say you know you know I
gave him away to my training partners
about 25 years ago and so my youngest my
ten five and ten year old they've never
seen him and I didn't say I was gonna
gonna get a wish you still love them oh
no no but you still come back in and
I'll show him because you know I'm not
sure they believe me yet how are you
when you look back now at the Olympics
you took part in are you are you still
pleased that you took part in the
decathlon or do you think you might have
been better or you know you could have
had a longer career in a different
discipline um I think it would have been
obviously easier to have been a hundred
meter runner or a long jumper but I
wouldn't have been able to be the best
and for me I didn't care what it was I'd
have been happy to be the best dustman
in the world but it's Catalan was was
the thing that I was best at superb yeah
well we've got a little treat for you
now Taylor you're gonna love this
because it's very early years judge of
that
well you did spend your early you can
till about 7:00 in West London and some
of the locals have very fond memories of
you and of all of your achievements so
have a little look at this okay
it was always running he never walked
daily where he was going up the street
and it wasn't done with chasing it just
was that a born athlete then you just
have to mention his name and around this
area and everybody gets excited about it
he's probably one of the best athletes
ever not using what was his country in
the everybody would say that he's one of
our own and he's a true champion
we broke four World Records who got two
Olympic gold medals he was a role model
for us because he was young he was
good-looking you know which different
countries compete in and all this side
it was like one of the first kind of
superstars as far as I'm concerned I
love Daley Thompson when his left knee
he was a bit more gritty than said code
and lovely smile yeah make me smile
there's nothing he didn't win there was
nothing that he didn't win but at the
center be we want it we'll hundred meter
sprint
my job
four wheels
this
what I can't believe people think about
me like that I said you were seeing the
uncouth bums throughout that won't you
yeah there we go where you do still hold
the British record more than decathlon
so tell you what should we remind
ourselves of some of the heights and
distances that you covered we're gonna
use our one short set to do this daily
so okay we'll start with the high jump
all right two meters and 11 is believe
it or not the height of this plasma
there you want to prove it deep if
you've still got that term that tape
measure there here we go but pull is
that long John you go to 8 meters
centimeter look at that Danny that's
remarkable yeah and should we remind
ourselves how high you could pole vault
look into reception here we are right if
they just pan down there on that there
we go what about
seven more events and this is how you
left the opposition look at this shot
it's remarkable this is the finish line
the 1500 meters in Athens of the 82
European ships now your rivalry with you
again Kingston was legendary in in the
80s wasn't it we've got a brilliant
picture we love of you too now he's like
shots on that what were you saying from
there very short surely I was mentioning
that he's got plenty of room in him it
was over a couple of weeks ago he works
he's working at the Olympic Games that
for ZDF German yeah station and he had a
couple of nights here we had a few meals
and my good friends now obviously it was
difficult to be mates when we were both
after the same thing and I was the only
one he was going to win it yeah
was it was it quite was it quite you
know well it's got intense it wasn't
kind it wasn't violent or anything but
it was very intense because you know
World Records and and major
championships is is really important
yeah
well Daniel Ord is doing the dip half
lon have you had a word with him at all
no but he's been trained by my old
training partner Greg Richards who's an
unbelievable coach so so I think you
know Danny if you can get into the top
ten will be will be doing very well and
same stuff up nicely for the next
Commonwealth Games in Glasgow does he
have one of the Olympic medals that
training but Greg does yeah and of
course Jessica Ennis I mean kind of the
female equivalent of the decathlon in
India she's brilliant she's she's been
been world champion but over the last
couple of years she's had a couple of
defeats but I think that's been a good
thing in its in that now she knows what
she's up against and it's not gonna be
an easy so I think she said it a great a
great witness she's come out and already
done a personal best so I think that
she's in with her with a brilliant
chance yeah well you owe yourself a busy
over the Olympics of course and but
tonight just kicking off this light show
around the London Eye and it's gonna
depict what people think of the Olympics
isn't it it's gonna reflect people's
tweets
yes explain yeah it's also do with with
the energy of the nation
EDF thing and what what happens is
they've been to the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology and they've come
up with some algorithms or whatever they
are that can read people's tweets and
they can get all the positive and
negative enough about them and so when
people tweet out their over the course
of the Olympic Games then we'll be able
to see how positive is and they tell me
that in the last couple of months it's
been about 62% have been really positive
all right yeah
at the moment it's peaked at about 73%
about a month ago when Bobby Charlton
was was carrying the flame so I'm hoping
that for the first time we're actually
going to be able to to see what the
emotion is of the nation around the
country and the other thing is that they
can do it region specific and the region
that hasn't been tweeting very much
about the Olympics has been Wales so
sorting right now it's time to go